1-9-2019

I am putting aside Kyu work for a while in order to give attention to a
variety of other things in my life.  House maintenance, micromounts,
shop cleanup, etc.

I want to give a summary of the state of things, with especial attention
to active and yet unfinished problems.

1) A timer lock is needed.  A test failed when I was running one thread
doing timed delays and then ran my diagnostic sequence at the same time.
I had thought that having int locks was enough, but it is not.
Disabling interrupts locks normal code against interrupt races, but if
two threads fiddle with timers the list can get corrupted, as they
are not locked one versus the other, so a mutex lock is needed.
This may very likely be needed for other resources also.

2) TCP code -- there are some issues in the Xinu TCP code.
I fixed one where a block of memory was being deallocated twice,
but Comer thinks this should never have happened in the first place.
The reference counts are not being handled correctly.
What I think is that the new API is/was not done properly.
Some time ago, Xinu used an "eth" device, and I'll bet that
was done properly.  I could either find old Xinu code and take
a look at the API using the "eth" device, or just make a careful
study of the code and figure out how to do things right.

BBB port -- no known problems

Orange Pi H3 port -- no problems with single core.
Integrating multicore into Kyu is a big future project.

Fire3 port -- no problems single core.
Needs a network driver.
Never have started additional cores.
I should allow extra cores to be started with the
same API as the H3 port -- this will involve some
study of the arm64 mmu and cache.   One of the boot
utilities has code to start cores.
See /u1/Projects/Fire3/Fire3-bl1/src

Orange Pi H5 port -- in progress.
Amazingly, all the H3 drivers seem to port over with only
a recompile needed.  There are some known difference
(allegedly some pinmux setting stuff is different),
but the driver stuff is really identical.

The big problem on the H5 is that I can never get an interrupt
to happen!  What I absolutely need to do is to get away from
Kyu to sort this out and write a standalone simple program
with the minimum code to make an interrupt happen.
Once I get that working, I can move the code back into Kyu.
